# Bankless Writing Framework for Consistency Across Official Docs

What follows are a set of guidelines designed to provide a framework within
which all official DAO documents and public-facing writing will adhere to in
order to provide consistency across all channels and present a unified and
professional front.

## I. Definitions  

The following words are defined in order to clearly state what is meant by
each in the rest of this framework:  

1. Crypto-native. Any term or phrase that has originated within the
cryptocurrency space as a result of necessity or memes; i.e Ethereum, $ETH,
LP, HODL, "to the moon", etc.  

2. Jargon. Direct or indirect phrases that are well known in the
cryptocurrency and cryptographic communities that may represent something
entirely different outside of these spaces. This includes, but is not
limited to, crypto-native terms and phrases.  

## II. Verbiage  

1. Use of jargon should be limited to internal communications wherever
possible.  

2. When use of jargon is unavoidable, or preferred, crypto-native terms and
phrases should be clearly defined when they are first mentioned, to reduce
confusion in the rest of the document. If the document spans multiple pages,
crypto-native words should be redefined at first mention on each page.  

3. On the use of crypto-native words and phrases:  

a. Currencies (coins/tokens) should be all caps and prepended with a dollar sign to denote
their status as a currency.  

b. Protocols should be spelled out in their entirety and capitalized, to
differentiate the protocol from the currency; i.e. "Ethereum" vs. $ETH,
"Cosmos" vs. $ATOM, etc.  

## III. Tense  

1. Documentation should be written in the present tense, unless future tense
is appropriate.  

2. Past tense should be used when recording notes for community calls and
the like.  

## IV. Voice  

The guidelines set forth in this section are designed to be as inclusive as
possible.  

1. Voice should be in the first person plural, i.e. "We", when the material 
is regarding the DAO and/or representing those of us within the DAO.  

2. Voice should be in the second person, i.e. "You", when addressing clients
and users. This is particularly useful in instructional material.  

3. Voice should be in the third personal plural, i.e. "They", when referring
to any person or entity outside of the DAO.  